terror_town map concept guide and whatnot
by nrkceg2 - 02 December 2024

so basically the story here is is that some experiment gone wrong/irresponsible chemical waste management makes this town's residents full of zombies and stuff, except for these tourists who haven't drank from the town's water system because they're tourists (they buy those stupid expensive bottles of water), they're tasked with saving the town and whatever

guide for the image:
the thick line bits on the roads are spots that are blocked off.
the yellow bits are safehouses, should act like they do in l4d.
the blue box is the secret/resources resupply area.
the crimson area is a sort of underground transportation system, probably train if I'm being completely honest.
green is the chemical dump.

information on the map itself since its a 2d top down view of the map:
you/other survivors/other t-side peoples start on the roof; similar to that one l4d/l4d2 campaign (No Mercy iirc), you go through your hotel building fending yourself off from the zombies and othe crap out to kill you, exit through the main exit, go through the parking lot and keep the fight doing down the road. Then turn right for that one spot that's blocked off. Go underground (the crimson spot) and emerge victorious there. Then go left from it's exit to the safehouse to advance to the next round.
do all the other crap, go thru central park, safehouse there, fight through the road on the way to Walmart/whatever store brand name I come up with when I start making assets, fight thru there and exit through the employee exit/entrance door thing. Pass through neighborhood (probably packed with zombies) and then get to the laboratory building (indicated by the PLA label on the image) and plant the bomb since this *is* based on CS:S and all, kaboom explodey, everyone turns back to normal, everything happy and good.*

*ending being happy not yet finalized.

Other junk that's needed for the map to actually look decent:
place a building where the underground area is, like above it and all that. Maybe another store or some sort of large building that warrants taking up that kind of space. 
Add details for behind the Walmart for added immersion.
Dot cars around the town; because well, this place is big enough to warrant some mode of transport, plus the gas station's there so it might as well get some sort of use.

So yeah, that's about it for terror_town.
Thanks for reading my somewhat decent-ish map ideas lollll
- nrkceg2